## English Exam Passages
	- ### Declaration of Sentiments
		- Written primarily by Elizabeth Cady Stanton
		- Presented at Seneca Falls Convention
		- What lead to the declaration of sentiments to be written?
		  collapsed:: true
			- The denial of access to the World Anti-Slavery convention in london due to gender
		- It is basically grievances
		- What was it based on?
		  collapsed:: true
			- Declaration of independence
		- Audience
		  collapsed:: true
			- Government, Politicians, those who can make change  towards the rights of women
		- Language
			- Formal language
			- Rhetorical Devices
				- Ethos Pathos Logos Allusion
					- **Credibility and Appeal: Ethos**
						- Stanton alludes to one of the nation’s greatest documents, The Declaration of Independence. Her audience would easily recognize this allusion, and comprehend Stanton’s parallel between monarchical oppression and patriarchal oppression.
					- **Appealing to sense of Emotion: Pathos**
						- Stanton employs stirring diction about women’s oppression under patriarchal laws.
					- **Appealing to reason: Logos**
					- Stanton mimics one of the most powerful rhetorical moves in the Declaration of Independence. She sets up her argument and lays out her “facts” in a series of condemnatory grievances. By mimicking the Declaration of Independence’s structure and language, Stanton inherits the Founders’ powerful rhetoric.
				- **Repetition**
					- her use of repetition helps the reader determine her intended argument and how important it is to the overall context.
		- Claim
			- It argues that women are oppressed by the government
			- Women did not have the same rights as men
		- Evidence
			- The text lists 16 facts illustrating the extent of this oppression
				- Lack of property rights
				- Inequality divorce laws
				- Lack of representation in the government
				- Lack of equal education
				- Lack of equal employment opportunities
		- Appeal
			- _The history of mankind is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations on the part of man toward woman, having in direct object the establishment of an absolute tyranny over her._
		- Call to action
			- __?
		- Why did some withdraw their names from the signing the paper?
			- because of the intense ridicule and criticism they received after the document was made public.
		- Strengths
			- The usage of the language of declaration of independence
			- The repeated statement of facts in the passage rather than opinions
		- Weaknesses
			- The false assumption that all women were supporting the argument.
			- The language used provoked men against them
		- Elective Franchise
			- Women right to vote
		- Abject
			- Lowly, miserable, weak
	- ### Speech to the American Equal Rights Association
		- Speech by Sojourner Truth
		- Goal
			- Rights of women
		- Claim
			- Women did not have the same rights as men at that time
			- .Her speech, acknowledges the success of the anti-slavery cause, but laments that it was achieved through war. She urges that women be given their rights quickly and peacefully.
		- Evidences
			- ?
		- Appeal
			- _I used to work in the field and bind grain, keeping up with the cradler; but men doing no more, got twice as much pay._
		- Strengths
			- ?
		- Weakness
			- ?
		- Language
			- Rhetorical Devices
				- Ethos: "I come from another field- the country of the slave" she is credible because she was a slave
				- Pathos: "My friends, I am rejoiced that you are glad, but i don't know how you will feel when i get through"
				  she is relating to the feelings of her audience
				-
-